RDoc-2082-Reworded and moved warning to top, added image and code sam… (#1485)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/5.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/indexes/indexing-related-documents.dotnet.markdown

# Indexes: Indexing Related Documents
---

{NOTE: }

* To extend indexing capabilities and simplify many scenarios, we have introduced the possibility to 
  index related documents with `LoadDocument`.

* [Include( )](../client-api/session/loading-entities#load-with-includes) 

>   is an alternative session CRUD method that can pull data from related documents while reducing expensive trips to the disk.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  is an alternative session CRUD method that can pull data from related documents while reducing expensive trips to the server.  
```

Author: done

* People who are accustomed to relational models but want the agility and efficiency of document-based models 
  should understand that [documents are most effective when they generally stand on their own](https://ravendb.net/learn/inside-ravendb-book/reader/4.0/3-document-modeling) 
  and [relations are harmless exceptions](https://ravendb.net/learn/inside-ravendb-book/reader/4.0/10-static-indexes-and-other-advanced-options#indexing-referenced-data) to the rule.

{INFO: Important} 

> Indexes are updated automatically whenever related documents change. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The indexes will be updated automatically whenever related documents change. 
```

Author: done
